examples/chatwoot/README.md, before:

# Unoapi Cloud with Chatwoot

Get the chatwoot source or image and change the env `WHATSAPP_CLOUD_BASE_URL=http://localhost:9876` and up, or use a custom version with some features to integrate with in `https://github.com/clairton/chatwoot`:
  - put the agent name in message
  -⁠ use official whatsapp cloud api and unoapi in the same chatwoot instance
  - send read events to unoapi
  - work with groups
  -⁠ show message sent by another whatsapp connection
  -⁠ disable 24 window

Copy the token ![image](prints/copy_token.png)

Up the unoapi service with `https://github.com/clairton/unoapi-cloud/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#start-options` or `https://github.com/clairton/unoapi-cloud/#install-as-systemctl`

Put in .env 

```env
WEBHOOK_URL=http://localhost:3000/webhooks/whatsapp
WEBHOOK_TOKEN=the_chatwoot_token 
WEBHOOK_HEADER=api_access_token
````

Change the_chatwoot_token for your token.

Create a inbox in Chatwoot with Whatsapp Cloud API type, in "Phone number ID" and "Business Account ID" put the number without "+". In API Key put the same content of env UNOAPI_AUTH_TOKEN

![image](prints/create_channel.png)

Create a contact with de same number, and send a message.

![image](prints/create_contact.png)

In a contact with the same number read the qrcode.

![image](prints/read_qrcode.png)

If you up unoapi with redis, on create instance show message with new token

![image](prints/copy_uno_token.png)

Put the new auth token in chatwoot inbox config

![image](prints/update_inbox.png)

Commit message:

many improvements with send profile image

examples/chatwoot/README.md, after:

# Unoapi Cloud with Chatwoot

Get the chatwoot source or image and change the env `WHATSAPP_CLOUD_BASE_URL=http://localhost:9876` and up, or use a custom version with some features to integrate with in `https://github.com/clairton/chatwoot`:
- put the agent name in message
-⁠ use official whatsapp cloud api and unoapi in the same chatwoot instance
- send read events to unoapi
- work with groups
-⁠ show message sent by another whatsapp connection
-⁠ disable 24 window
- sicronize user and group profile image

Copy the token ![image](prints/copy_token.png)

Up the unoapi service with `https://github.com/clairton/unoapi-cloud/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file#start-options` or `https://github.com/clairton/unoapi-cloud/#install-as-systemctl`

Put in .env 

```env
WEBHOOK_URL=http://localhost:3000/webhooks/whatsapp
WEBHOOK_TOKEN=the_chatwoot_token 
WEBHOOK_HEADER=api_access_token
````

Change the_chatwoot_token for your token.

Create a inbox in Chatwoot with Whatsapp Cloud API type, in "Phone number ID" and "Business Account ID" put the number without "+". In API Key put the same content of env UNOAPI_AUTH_TOKEN

![image](prints/create_channel.png)

Create a contact with de same number, and send a message.

![image](prints/create_contact.png)

In a contact with the same number read the qrcode.

![image](prints/read_qrcode.png)

If you up unoapi with redis, on create instance show message with new token

![image](prints/copy_uno_token.png)

Put the new auth token in chatwoot inbox config

![image](prints/update_inbox.png)
